5.2. Details of Atom Results Returned

The following table lists each element of the returned Atom results. For a more detailed explanation see Outline of an Atom Feed.

Table: Atom elements
element	explanation
feed elements	
<title>	The title of the feed containing a canonicalized query string.
<id>	A unique id assigned to this query.
<updated>	The last time search results for this query were updated. Set to midnight of the current day.
<link>	A url that will retrieve this feed via a GET request.
<opensearch:totalResults>	The total number of search results for this query.
<opensearch:startIndex>	The 0-based index of the first returned result in the total results list.
<opensearch:itemsPerPage>	The number of results returned.
entry elements	
<title>	The title of the article.
<id>	A url http://arxiv.org/abs/id
<published>	The date that version 1 of the article was submitted.
<updated>	The date that the retrieved version of the article was submitted. Same as <published> if the retrieved version is version 1.
<summary>	The article abstract.
<author>	One for each author. Has child element <name> containing the author name.
<link>	Can be up to 3 given url's associated with this article.
<category>	The arXiv or ACM or MSC category for an article if present.
<arxiv:primary_category>	The primary arXiv category.
<arxiv:comment>	The authors comment if present.
<arxiv:affiliation>	The author's affiliation included as a subelement of <author> if present.
<arxiv:journal_ref>	A journal reference if present.
<arxiv:doi>	A url for the resolved DOI to an external resource if present.
5.3. Subject Classifications

Table: Subject Classifications
Subject Abbreviation	Description
stat.AP	Statistics - Applications
stat.CO	Statistics - Computation
stat.ML	Statistics - Machine Learning
stat.ME	Statistics - Methodology
stat.TH	Statistics - Theory
q-bio.BM	Quantitative Biology - Biomolecules
q-bio.CB	Quantitative Biology - Cell Behavior
q-bio.GN	Quantitative Biology - Genomics
q-bio.MN	Quantitative Biology - Molecular Networks
q-bio.NC	Quantitative Biology - Neurons and Cognition
q-bio.OT	Quantitative Biology - Other
q-bio.PE	Quantitative Biology - Populations and Evolution
q-bio.QM	Quantitative Biology - Quantitative Methods
q-bio.SC	Quantitative Biology - Subcellular Processes
q-bio.TO	Quantitative Biology - Tissues and Organs
cs.AR	Computer Science - Architecture
cs.AI	Computer Science - Artificial Intelligence
cs.CL	Computer Science - Computation and Language
cs.CC	Computer Science - Computational Complexity
cs.CE	Computer Science - Computational Engineering; Finance; and Science
cs.CG	Computer Science - Computational Geometry
cs.GT	Computer Science - Computer Science and Game Theory
cs.CV	Computer Science - Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition
cs.CY	Computer Science - Computers and Society
cs.CR	Computer Science - Cryptography and Security
cs.DS	Computer Science - Data Structures and Algorithms
cs.DB	Computer Science - Databases
cs.DL	Computer Science - Digital Libraries
cs.DM	Computer Science - Discrete Mathematics
cs.DC	Computer Science - Distributed; Parallel; and Cluster Computing
cs.GL	Computer Science - General Literature
cs.GR	Computer Science - Graphics
cs.HC	Computer Science - Human-Computer Interaction
cs.IR	Computer Science - Information Retrieval
cs.IT	Computer Science - Information Theory
cs.LG	Computer Science - Learning
cs.LO	Computer Science - Logic in Computer Science
cs.MS	Computer Science - Mathematical Software
cs.MA	Computer Science - Multiagent Systems
cs.MM	Computer Science - Multimedia
cs.NI	Computer Science - Networking and Internet Architecture
cs.NE	Computer Science - Neural and Evolutionary Computing
cs.NA	Computer Science - Numerical Analysis
cs.OS	Computer Science - Operating Systems
cs.OH	Computer Science - Other
cs.PF	Computer Science - Performance
cs.PL	Computer Science - Programming Languages
cs.RO	Computer Science - Robotics
cs.SE	Computer Science - Software Engineering
cs.SD	Computer Science - Sound
cs.SC	Computer Science - Symbolic Computation
nlin.AO	Nonlinear Sciences - Adaptation and Self-Organizing Systems
nlin.CG	Nonlinear Sciences - Cellular Automata and Lattice Gases
nlin.CD	Nonlinear Sciences - Chaotic Dynamics
nlin.SI	Nonlinear Sciences - Exactly Solvable and Integrable Systems
nlin.PS	Nonlinear Sciences - Pattern Formation and Solitons
math.AG	Mathematics - Algebraic Geometry
math.AT	Mathematics - Algebraic Topology
math.AP	Mathematics - Analysis of PDEs
math.CT	Mathematics - Category Theory
math.CA	Mathematics - Classical Analysis and ODEs
math.CO	Mathematics - Combinatorics
math.AC	Mathematics - Commutative Algebra
math.CV	Mathematics - Complex Variables
math.DG	Mathematics - Differential Geometry
math.DS	Mathematics - Dynamical Systems
math.FA	Mathematics - Functional Analysis
math.GM	Mathematics - General Mathematics
math.GN	Mathematics - General Topology
math.GT	Mathematics - Geometric Topology
math.GR	Mathematics - Group Theory
math.HO	Mathematics - History and Overview
math.IT	Mathematics - Information Theory
math.KT	Mathematics - K-Theory and Homology
math.LO	Mathematics - Logic
math.MP	Mathematics - Mathematical Physics
math.MG	Mathematics - Metric Geometry
math.NT	Mathematics - Number Theory
math.NA	Mathematics - Numerical Analysis
math.OA	Mathematics - Operator Algebras
math.OC	Mathematics - Optimization and Control
math.PR	Mathematics - Probability
math.QA	Mathematics - Quantum Algebra
math.RT	Mathematics - Representation Theory
math.RA	Mathematics - Rings and Algebras
math.SP	Mathematics - Spectral Theory
math.ST	Mathematics - Statistics
math.SG	Mathematics - Symplectic Geometry
astro-ph	Astrophysics
cond-mat.dis-nn	Physics - Disordered Systems and Neural Networks
cond-mat.mes-hall	Physics - Mesoscopic Systems and Quantum Hall Effect
cond-mat.mtrl-sci	Physics - Materials Science
cond-mat.other	Physics - Other
cond-mat.soft	Physics - Soft Condensed Matter
cond-mat.stat-mech	Physics - Statistical Mechanics
cond-mat.str-el	Physics - Strongly Correlated Electrons
cond-mat.supr-con	Physics - Superconductivity
gr-qc	General Relativity and Quantum Cosmology
hep-ex	High Energy Physics - Experiment
hep-lat	High Energy Physics - Lattice
hep-ph	High Energy Physics - Phenomenology
hep-th	High Energy Physics - Theory
math-ph	Mathematical Physics
nucl-ex	Nuclear Experiment
nucl-th	Nuclear Theory
physics.acc-ph	Physics - Accelerator Physics
physics.ao-ph	Physics - Atmospheric and Oceanic Physics
physics.atom-ph	Physics - Atomic Physics
physics.atm-clus	Physics - Atomic and Molecular Clusters
physics.bio-ph	Physics - Biological Physics
physics.chem-ph	Physics - Chemical Physics
physics.class-ph	Physics - Classical Physics
physics.comp-ph	Physics - Computational Physics
physics.data-an	Physics - Data Analysis; Statistics and Probability
physics.flu-dyn	Physics - Fluid Dynamics
physics.gen-ph	Physics - General Physics
physics.geo-ph	Physics - Geophysics
physics.hist-ph	Physics - History of Physics
physics.ins-det	Physics - Instrumentation and Detectors
physics.med-ph	Physics - Medical Physics
physics.optics	Physics - Optics
physics.ed-ph	Physics - Physics Education
physics.soc-ph	Physics - Physics and Society
physics.plasm-ph	Physics - Plasma Physics
physics.pop-ph	Physics - Popular Physics
physics.space-ph	Physics - Space Physics
quant-ph	Quantum Physics
